Add conceptual articles for Secrets modules (#58)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs-Modules: reference/docs-conceptual/SecretManagement/get-started/using-secretstore.md

---
description: How to install and use the SecretManagement and SecretStore modules
ms.date: 05/24/2022
title: Get started with the SecretStore module
---
# Get started with the SecretStore module

The **SecretManagement** and **SecretStore** modules are available from the PowerShell Gallery and
can be installed using **PowerShellGet** commands.

```powershell
Install-Module Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement
Install-Module Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretStore
```

> Once you have installed the modules you can load the modules and begin using creating new secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have installed the modules you can load the modules and begin using or creating new secrets.
```

```powershell
Import-Module Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement
Import-Module Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretStore
```

## Create a vault and add a secret

First you must register the vault. The **Name** parameter is a friendly name and can be anything you
choose.

> 

Reviewer 2: We may also mention that we are setting it as the default vault in this example

Author: Will add it.

Author: Fixed

```powershell
Register-SecretVault -Name SecretStore -ModuleName Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretStore -DefaultVault
```

Now you can create a secret.

> 

Reviewer 2: Not sure if it would make sense here to specify the types of secrets that the vault accepts

Author: What types are supported? I can add it.

Author: Added

---
description: How to install and use the SecretManagement and SecretStore modules
ms.date: 05/24/2022
title: Get started with the SecretStore module
---
# Get started with the SecretStore module

The **SecretManagement** and **SecretStore** modules are available from the PowerShell Gallery and
can be installed using **PowerShellGet** commands.

```powershell
Install-Module Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement
Install-Module Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretStore
```

Once you have installed the modules you can load the modules and begin using or creating new secrets.

```powershell
Import-Module Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretManagement
Import-Module Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretStore
```

## Create a vault and add a secret

> First you must register the vault. The **Name** parameter is a friendly name and can be anything you
> choose.

Reviewer 3: Nit: This implies the value of **Name** _could_ be a hashtable or some other object.
```suggestion
First you must register the vault. The **Name** parameter is a friendly name and can be any valid
string.
```

```powershell
Register-SecretVault -Name SecretStore -ModuleName Microsoft.PowerShell.SecretStore -DefaultVault
```

> The **DefaultVault** parameter makes this the default vault.

Reviewer 3: If I have no created/registered vaults, is the first vault created automatically the default? If not, how is the behavior different if I don't have a default vault and should we add a note on this here?

Author: Unknown. Leave as is for now. Needs more investigation and discussion with Dev/PM.

Reviewer: The 'default' vault is a registered vault that is used with the SecretManagement cmdlets when no vault is specified from parameter arguments.  The first registered vault is always made 'default', but any vault can be made 'default' via the 'Set-SecretVaultDefault' cmdlet.

Author: This is a good note for the cmdlet reference.

Now you can create a secret.

```powershell
Set-Secret -Name TestSecret -Secret "TestSecretPassword"
```

This example passes a plaintext string for the value of the secret. The secret value can be one of
five supported types:

- **byte[]**
- **String**
- **SecureString**
- **PSCredential**
- **Hashtable**

The first time you access the vault you must provide a password for the new vault. This password is

> used to lock and unlock the vault.

Author: TBD.

```Output
Vault SecretStore requires a password.
Enter password:
********
Enter password again for verification:
********
```

Run `Get-Secret` to retrieve the secret. Using the **AsPlainText** switch returns the secret as an

> unencrypted string.

Author: Not here. But we should put that in the cmdlet reference.
